VAULT-40172 add docs for SCIM support (#2089)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/api-docs/secret/identity/scim.mdx

### Supported PATCH behavior

Vault only supports a single `replace` operation for the `active` field when
you patch a user.

### Sample create user payload

```json
{
  "schemas": [
    "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User",
    "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:vault:2.0:Metadata"
  ],
  "userName": "jane.doe",
  "externalId": "00u123456789",
  "active": true,
  "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:vault:2.0:Metadata": {
    "items": [
      {
        "key": "department",
        "value": "engineering"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Group endpoints

Vault supports the following standard SCIM `/Groups` endpoints:

| Method | Path |
| :----- | :--- |
| `POST` | `/identity/scim/v2/Groups` |
| `GET` | `/identity/scim/v2/Groups` |
| `GET` | `/identity/scim/v2/Groups/:id` |
| `PATCH` | `/identity/scim/v2/Groups/:id` |
| `PUT` | `/identity/scim/v2/Groups/:id` |
| `DELETE` | `/identity/scim/v2/Groups/:id` |

SCIM groups map to Vault internal identity groups.

- `id` maps to the group ID.
- `displayName` maps to the group name.
- `members[].value` must contain Vault user entity IDs.
- Vault only allows members owned by the same SCIM client.

> - Groups cannot be added as members to other groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Vault only allows SCIM clients to work with members owned by that client. You
cannot add groups as members to other groups.
```

These are describing behavior not the mapping, so we can drop out of the list formatting

  ],
  "displayName": "vault-admins",
  "members": [
    {
      "value": "2cc3c936-fb4e-4635-b213-9cf55b87f2d4"
    }
  ]
}
```

## Discovery endpoints

Vault supports the following standard SCIM discovery endpoints:

| Method | Path |
| :----- | :--- |
| `GET` | `/identity/scim/v2/ResourceTypes` |
| `GET` | `/identity/scim/v2/ResourceTypes/:id` |
| `GET` | `/identity/scim/v2/Schemas` |
| `GET` | `/identity/scim/v2/Schemas/:id` |
| `GET` | `/identity/scim/v2/ServiceProviderConfig` |

`/identity/scim/v2/ServiceProviderConfig` is available without authentication.

Vault also declares `/identity/scim/v2/Me`, but the endpoint returns
`501 Not Implemented`.

## Limitations

Many of these will be covered in upcoming Vault releases:

- Activating the SCIM feature flag is a one-way action.
- Vault does not support `/Me`.
- Vault does not support SCIM bulk operations.
- Vault does not support sort, ETag, or change password operations.
- User `PATCH` only supports a single `replace` operation for `active`.
- Group `PATCH` only supports member add and remove operations.
- Vault supports simple `eq` filters on `/Users` for `userName`, `externalId`,

>   and `active`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vault does not support complex `eq` filters on `/Users` for `userName`, `externalId`,
  or `active`.
```
Frame limitations as limitations, not as supported behavior

- Vault does not support group filters or complex SCIM filter expressions.
- Group members must use Vault user entity IDs, not `userName` or
  `externalId`.
- `externalId` is required when you create a user and you cannot update it

>   later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must provide `externalId` when you create a user and you cannot update it
  later.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

- `alias_mount_accessor` is immutable after client creation and remains tied to
  the auth mount strategy you choose for that client.
- `alias_mount_accessor` cannot refer to a local mount, only non-local ones.

> - Making existing resources become managed by a SCIM client is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You cannot manage existing resources with a SCIM client.
```

- Migrating resources between SCIM clients is not supported.

> - Making SCIM-managed resources unmanaged is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You cannot remove SCIM management from a resource currently managed by SCIM.
```
